[Music]
what's up everyone my name is Sarah DG
rhymes with Peachy welcome to Taipei
Taiwan
this is Computex 2019 today we are
exploring three very new and exciting
laptops and I have an announcement to
make
this year it's about the creators rule
over gamers you have enough laptops you
have enough things for you guys we're
gonna talk about creators specific
laptops and that seems like the attitude
from these specific companies like Dell
HP Asus but also the ingredients that
are in the computers and Intel is really
leading the charge of this mobile
computing movement so thank you Intel
for sponsoring this video and sponsoring
this Computex trip so this video is
going to be very jam-packed I'm here
with a lot of cool creators and Intel is
announcing a lot of exciting stuff
including their new temptin ice Lake
processors and then the three creator
specific laptops we're going to explore
already have the new ninth gen i7 I nine
Core processors end them so what does
that mean that means power ok let's get
into it let's kill Computex Computex
[Music]
let's talk about the first laptop which
is near and dear to my heart this is my
everyday driver the XPS 15 95 70
well the minor refresh - this is the 75
90 yes they have changed the naming
scheme of these laptops okay so I'm here
with the new XPS 15 and it goes up to a
4k OLED display which is really exciting
and the price starts at $1,900 you're
gonna see the new nitrogen Intel
processors and these things up to the i9
so you can get up to 64 gigabytes of RAM
2 terabytes of SS team and the new gtx
1650 graphics so you're gonna get a lot
of power from this thing and the 4k OLED
that's what's exciting for me better
angles we have a camera on the top now
which is thank you
the 4k OLED panel is 100% DCI p3 color
gamut which remember we're talking about
creators they're caring about color
they're caring about the display their
resolution maybe a little bit more than
the refresh rate the XPS is out of the
box with a little saturated so I look
for it to get an actual hands-on with
this laptop along with the release of
the XPS 15 they also release a new XPS
13 2 & 1 this thing is beautiful this
XPS 13 2 & 1 is actually 8 percent
thinner you see a 250% boost in
performance and it's one of the brand
new tensed gen ice Lake devices or the
cool things about it is it actually has
a 16 by 10 display so you're gonna get a
little bit more of that vertical room
something I wish that could be in the
XPS 15 and it's one of the first laptops
we've heard of that's part of intel's
project Athena
[Music]
during this trip we got to see a lot of
behind the scenes from Intel of course
every year we get the new latest and
greatest processors but Intel's
collaboration with manufacturers like HP
Dell Acer hen Asus just to name a few
is really what stuck out they are more
than just parts in a computer but
partners that innovate from expanding
Thunderbolt to PC computers to allow for
a port that can run 40 gigabytes of data
audio and video per second to project
Athena that are certain key experience
indicators that bring tremendous value
to laptop users like all-day battery
life fast and reliable Wi-Fi versatile
form factors in great responsiveness
they want to get rid of that spinning
wheel another innovation is this double
screen laptop with a hinge it allows for
a optimal viewing angle and the
best-case-scenario cooling in fact
everything the mouse so what's happening
right now
so basically when he's looking at his
word document up here he starts typing
it's good when he looks down here to
respond to the flak message it
automatically knows he's looking there
and he starts typing on the flatmap
going back to the fact that this year is
the year of the Creator is razer
actually has updated versions of the
Razer Blade 15 and the Razer Blade Pro
17 with studio edition these are
equipped with NVIDIA Quadro r-tx 5000
mobile GPUs the finishes are mercury
white and I have to say a little bit
reminiscent of the old MacBook Pros the
Quadra RT X 5000 is going to help
accelerate these applications that are
very graphics heavy so we got to visit
the Nvidia offices there was an artist
in Maya which is a very graphics
intensive application it was outputting
to a 4k display and also had Photoshop
pulled up as well the 17-inch has me
most intrigued it has a 4k display at
120 Hertz it has three USB type-a 2 USB
type-c
of them is Thunderbolt an Ethernet an
HDMI a headphone jack and wait for it an
SD card slot this is something that I've
wanted desperately in the blade 15 so
it's nice to see that it's in the pro
studio 17-inch model is equipped with up
to 32 gigabytes of RAM one terabyte SSD
of nvm e storage and also of course
ninth gen i $9.99 ath processor so very
exciting to finally see these knights
gen processors hitting these updated
laptops and remember if it has that h
tacked on to the end of the processor
that means it's the top of the line it's
the best processor that you can get in
these laptops you premiere users you
need that you need the top-line
processor because it is a very heavy
process or application even though of
course this Quadro 5000 GPU yes will
help you out with rendering and
exporting but in regards to just editing
and moving around your editing
application we are seeing a lot of
DaVinci Resolve in these demos which
spreads the workload a little bit more
evenly in between the CPU and GPU any
studio additions they both have a 4k
display with a 15-inch having a 4k OLED
display which is a big deal for you
creators that means the blacks are black
so even though yes a better GPU is going
to help you video creators out there
regardless I think it's more important
for maybe you animators the graphic
artists who really need those textures
and animations to be spot-on I had to do
of course a little export and premiere
just to see how my average 1080 ten
minute video exported premiere with some
light effects some light color grading
some music some screen recorders and
exported in two minutes which is
lightning fast so again this GPO is
gonna help in the rendering and in the
exporting so the 15 inch is interesting
because it has a 4k OLED touchscreen 17
inches interesting well just it has that
SD card slot has the 4k at 120 Hertz
refresh rate and it's just it's just
clutch it really is for the creators I
feel like it's a really viral clip
Twitter recently and it was from this
program now again
so basically you have certain landscapes
that you can make by just doodling over
here and it automatically generates it
over here yeah so now we have some grass
so I treat let's draw a tree you're yes
I need to like yeah do that
Oh
[Music]
what do you think of my art keys pretty
cool I like it actually like the rocks
with the treat-treasures great it's the
last laptop I want to talk about it's a
little out there it's the Asus Zenbook
but this is like touch bar on steroids
means it's helpful it has a screen on
the bottom of the laptop it's right
above the keyboard and I instantly go to
video editing oh my gosh this is like a
built-in second screen actually when I
travel I bring kind of a USBC display
that I can kind of just dock up with my
laptop but it's not the prettiest it's
pretty bulky so the fact there's dual
screens on this it's just like a
premired playground and so this you
know really is probably the most out
their laptop I've seen but it's the one
that gets me the most excited and as I'm
using the keyboard as I'm using the
trackpad the trackpad is really
responsive and great the keyboard feels
great everything about it feels great
the only thing who cares if you're
putting your final product at Mary you
know we're going through the trouble of
downloading premier because what's the
point of this I can't show you premiere
with the new free form of you with the
premiere you can kind of do a rough
timeline and edit in the project folder
so you can move things around right
you'd be like okay I want that over
there let's start organizing things so
you can basically start your rough
timeline up here oh cool
select everything maybe you drag it down
here oh that was responsive and now oh
look at this it's like a dedicated
screen now this would probably give me a
headache right but the application of
this is amazing so maybe effects
controls effects like the stuff that
you're not constantly looking at you can
just have down here maybe let's bring
this folder down here
oh yeah so this this makes the freeform
view like as a second timeline that's it
so now I can like lay out clips down
here I have more horizontal room which
is more familiar as the timeline looks
like scroll down and so now you have
this really cool like overview of your
video so maybe your title is up here now
so say you have this gun here you just
want to drag it yeah it's like super
responsive it's like using a second
display you always need more room with
laptops you always need Thunderbolt
headphone USB a HDMI in the USB Computex
is epic Taipei you're beautiful I gotta
say this is one of the best videos I've
ever seen like the fact that you've made
it this far you've appreciated such an
incredible masterpiece is really
impressive I'm so excited for future
collabs maybe it'll be great speaking of
collaborations that also been hanging
out with shop that's me she likes the
fact that I'm English it's abusive but
yeah
so it's really cool to see their new
iteration of the XPS 15 I mean the OLED
screen Geographics you process it's not
a massive upgrade considering and we
should Club right so do you know what we
say here do you know what the sign on
like is destruction sector
[Music]